Gwenevere Abriel: You see me okay, hear me. Oh.
Cynthia We: Yes. Oh.
Cynthia We: Are you
Cynthia We: Oh, it's from taxes.
Cynthia We: Me figuring out the budget, maybe
Cynthia We: Messy.
Messy.
Cynthia We: Because if you turn the light. It's in the background and it will make us, it will make us appear to have no
Gwenevere Abriel: No face. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know
Gwenevere Abriel: I we prefer no face right you're like, Wait a minute. So really, I've never seen you guys this early
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Um, so are we.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the plan today to have a short term. So what do we do now before the regular income comes in, or is there something bigger going on.
That would be a great idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: Help. What short term.
Cynthia We: Plan. Yeah, I mean, it's just the short term plan is
Cynthia We: You know, don't spend any money and hold on for dear life.
Cynthia We: Make it through the three weeks until I start working so
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but unfortunately, right, that actually has to materialize into prioritizing what little bit of resources you have into something right, so what's the actual liquid that you guys have to work with until when's your start date.
Cynthia We: March 16 but I
Cynthia We: IT'S MARCH 16 I might work. Some preparatory days before that and then I will repay the week after. So yeah, I would say.
Cynthia We: The second or third week of March is when I'll have a paycheck at all. Yeah. Okay, gotcha.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so, and I can't remember if it was like three or $4,000 that has to hold you over until then.
Cynthia We: Um,
Cynthia We: Yeah, well whatever unemployment is and then whatever we have left plus whatever Ali. Okay, I'll figure real quick. Okay. Okay. Good. Well, I looked for a pen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds good to
Cynthia We: Get a plan together like your calendar here. Oh, goodness.
Cynthia We: Oh, there's my pen.
Cynthia We: My brake light just went on.
Cynthia We: Break, Break like some yeah the one that said it, it says parking my parking brake is on and it says check brake system. Okay. So you're thinking
Maybe that
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you want to take it in Cabot looked at. Is that what the thought is
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotcha.
I don't know 2400 2400
Cynthia We: What Oliver OSU.
Cynthia We: Plus what's there. Plus 1500
Cynthia We: That's that's assuming you don't work for all in
Gwenevere Abriel: 15 is left over from tax.
Cynthia We: That's what's their six or for Ali was 1000 plus four weeks or three weeks of
Cynthia We: Live 20 404 weeks of unemployment, you well you said you're stating three weeks, one there, one there, one there, one is a four weeks.
Cynthia We: And then I'm assuming something awesome. Oh, okay.
Cynthia We: I'm sorry, I don't know how you have that I have
Cynthia We: Because I was counting three weeks of unemployment and it wasn't counting any work from home.
Cynthia We: And I was guessing it was in the accountant.
Cynthia We: You probably writer.
Cynthia We: So Scott Oh 29. So do you think you're working a week. I'm sure with more profitable or not paid on planet.
Cynthia We: Why don't you just do it this way and not anything we get from him will be a bonus
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, why don't we start there. Since there was a lot of stress that came from that unknown.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because he he eventually pays right it's just like
Cynthia We: Promise for a week and a half before
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, right. So just what you have right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's liquid
Gwenevere Abriel: To
Cynthia We: SO CONCERNED liquid. If we don't actually have it yet. It's, um, what is
Gwenevere Abriel: Predictable
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not a variable me unemployment, is that what you're saying like has unemployment not been submitted on time.
Cynthia We: No, it's good it's right. It comes every week.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just the plus or minus some asteroid hitting the planet.
Cynthia We: Like 2900 okay
Gwenevere Abriel: So okay, so that reasonably we can expect that. But though the thing without all of our A just based on what you told me before. There's a little delay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it may not be counted on so. Okay, so what's today. Today is you've already paid
Cynthia We: We've already paid rent. We've already paid school
Cynthia We: We have already paid all the credit cards right
And
Cynthia We: I knew my phone before
Cynthia We: But
It coconut. Yeah, no worries.
So,
No.
Cynthia We: I don't know where my when you
Hear you
Cynthia We: Lola's on the phone with her friend.
Cynthia We: She has a friend from from New York who that opera her parents work for the opera.
Cynthia We: Um, he's a conductor in New York and a teacher at Columbia and he they come here during the summer. And then he just plays in the opera band.
Cynthia We: And her mom's an opera singer, but she's kind of hangs out. And so, Olivia and Lola become friends and they play they FaceTime each other and then they play together on the video game.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, so
Cynthia We: Yeah, this is the first year, they've done that they haven't really
Cynthia We: They haven't really played together like they've just seen each other during summer.
Cynthia We: We're gonna figure
Cynthia We: Well, we actually all these places are we going to figure in how much we can delete.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any combination right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. So why don't we just, um, so I I pulled up now. I don't know if you looked over the one I sent you. I had to do a I don't remember what it was anymore. I had to shuffle something so Atlanta did it exactly 12,000
Cynthia We: I know
Gwenevere Abriel: I did a little tiny shuffle somewhere like pets. I turned by $1 offer. I did some, some, something. It wasn't a huge change, but it wasn't intentional like I wasn't some some clandestine I was just wanted to send, send you something.
Cynthia We: So yeah, so Scott, the point of it being 12,000
Cynthia We: Is so that it accounts for every bit of money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, that's all that is
Cynthia We: Ignoring saving. Well, not a 12 I know that it is. I know the savings. Is the savings, it's included in this. That's why we're like,
Cynthia We: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Many different things here. Yeah. So here's where I see it. I see it. I've reduced 401k by by 50 I plugged in 50 there. I put Ross at 100 um there's you're going to have your
Gwenevere Abriel: College and then I don't know if you could see you, Scott. Your it to 2000. It was at 2200, I think, and that it just didn't work.
Gwenevere Abriel: But we can certainly add another time. Maybe we can go look at
Cynthia We: It. Well, we can do it.
Cynthia We: Too. I mean, we were going to go and reduce it and make even more savings.
Cynthia We: Because
Cynthia We: He does not work all year.
Cynthia We: It would be great if he worked all year and
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but that's that's what it takes, is you guys gradually realistically saying something else needs to go on there. Here we go.
Okay.
Cynthia We: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: manically already knew organically. You knew you know what's urgent, you just found it, you paid. We got and have shelter you found it right you guys you know what to do, you paid your you paid rent you pay tuition. Now let's look into.
Gwenevere Abriel: When I see. Let's go through. Why don't we all I'm going to highlight in some sort of color here another urgent one. Let's go through is eating.
Cynthia We: The current budget, we're doing what we can do right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so I would say eating is pretty important. Don't think
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay. So groceries.
Gwenevere Abriel: And reduce how much, how much do you have right now for next week. What do you have as far as liquid liquid like well
Cynthia We: Okay, well, so actually the all the 400 that you put there. That's actually not
Cynthia We: That okay easily a meteor hitting the Earth, but okay. So we have yet. So at the very least we like this is so embarrassing. We got like
Cynthia We: Five or six
Cynthia We: Five or 600 of the bank.
Cynthia We: Coming next week 500 will have on Tuesday morning. Okay. And I've been promised to get a $400 check on Monday, from all but
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now is five Monday, I think I heard for you find on Tuesday. No. Okay. And
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I don't hold any judgment. I promise you I'm with you. I'm feeling okay I am not judging you. I don't equate I don't have that worship thing I don't equate
Gwenevere Abriel: Value with someone in their money. I really, they take a crap. The same way I do I don't get hung up on that. So I'm here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is real time. Okay, this is, this is the either an opportunity where you guys really come together and you do this process and enjoy it. Or it's just this horrific nightmare. So let's see if we can find find some safety.
Should I
Cynthia We: Should I tell you what, we haven't paid yet this month that I have
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but let's start with the most critical. The ones where it's going to damage credit if you don't ones that you can't afford a fine. You see what I'm saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which ones we can push off a little bit, but let's at least brace for. So let me hear the ones that are popping up for you. Scott really need your attention.
Cynthia We: Ones that are do this week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yes. I love it.
Cynthia We: Okay, those are the avant loan of to 10
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it.
Cynthia We: There's a Planet Fitness for $33 i mean
Cynthia We: Either all of them. We can X amount of we want
Cynthia We: Keegan's braces. Okay. Maybe we could put that off chickens braces is to 14
Week. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay, just
Keep going.
Cynthia We: What's the date, what's the end of next week.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
A second
Gwenevere Abriel: February 21 is a Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: February 21 is a Friday. Yeah.
Cynthia We: And then I have one credit card payment looking at up now to be 100% it's about $80
Cynthia We: Make sure
Cynthia We: You paid all your credit cards.
Cynthia We: 116 is that credit card payments.
Cynthia We: And then we'll stop there at the end of next week and just do this week to week okay yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, um, let's, let's just add that up and just see what happens.
Cynthia We: And then you have, I think you could take the braces and we can ask them to push it to the next month. And I'll do that. Right. They did it for you before.
Cynthia We: We tried to leave. So, you know, to let you know before that you said it before, I don't know, but it's the dentist. It's a we may ask them last time. But I asked them the day it was coming out and they said you can't ask us today. You have to ask us in advance.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: What kind of we're going to come right back to where the wiggle room is to 10
Gwenevere Abriel: Plus three
Gwenevere Abriel: Plus 214 and you'll have to correct me plus 116. Is that right,
Cynthia We: Mm hmm. To 14 yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so I put 210 33 to 14 116 I get 573
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Cynthia We: Okay, no, but then you have to add your other stuff your gas and your groceries.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this is
Gwenevere Abriel: All do. Let's see. Right now we have five. We've got enough right now basically
Gwenevere Abriel: Almost sort of like the 73 but on Monday. Now, always the variable with this 400 is there is there, like, you know, he has some cash flow and he hasn't been delayed over the last few weeks has even more on time, which is I
Gwenevere Abriel: Know,
Cynthia We: He's been delayed every week.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what if, what is happening on Tuesday, is that the same
Cynthia We: That's unemployment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's a, that's a more sure thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's a little more Sure thing. So what if we rely on that one, which is 18 that's February 18 or any of these do February 18 forward. I know that's getting into minutiae here.
Cynthia We: I'm just, yeah. A avant loan is due on the 16th.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Cynthia We: Goodness is doing the 18th chickens braces, if we do it is due on the 19th
Cynthia We: And venture. The 116 is doing the 19
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I felt a little relief just now. Did you did you notice a tiny smidge of relief. All of a sudden, because it's on the 19th. Now when I know is that like direct deposit that 500 will be sitting in there and that if you ever watched it to see how it lands.
Cynthia We: Usually there.
Cynthia We: By early, mid morning
Gwenevere Abriel: Good morning. Okay. And how comfortable, would you be sending brace payment on that day, as well as that credit card payment.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to have to. It sounds like they'll have to do the event one to 10 for sure. It sounds like 33 for sure, but if you could pull off making that braces payment on to 19 and the 116 payment. I didn't write down the name of it. I apologize. How would that feel
Cynthia We: Oh, but it feels great. I mean, we have enough to do that.
Cynthia We: Okay, so, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if, like, we still have a lot of talking to do. But let's just imagine that we do what we just did over these last five minutes. We continue to do it and that the execution plan is you leave me and you put those payments date them in
Gwenevere Abriel: In your checking account. They're already set there are any data to go out on the 19th. How did, how does that feel, I gotta check in, because this is this is tender stuff here. Well,
Cynthia We: That feels great to me. But what do you mean put them in the checking account like
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what I mean by putting in me you log in the payment set to be sent out on the 19th
Cynthia We: I don't think I don't think he knows how to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: What so sorry I'm sorry I do all my banking.
Gwenevere Abriel: I I do my banking online. I made that assumption that was an error on my part.
Cynthia We: Will not walk a fine line to. But, um, oh, you're saying with the bank account set up auto payments with the bank account.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it isn't quite auto. This is what I do. So like, I'm like, Okay, this is pretty it's tight. It's tight management. Right, so I don't want it to be sent out on the 18th, because the funds are unlikely to be there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to have the date set into the future. Like I would right now if I knew which days if I knew there'd be money there I go in and I make my I would make avant I
Gwenevere Abriel: Make that payment, right, because it's on the 16th, I would do Planet Fitness dated on the 18th and on for the braces, I would date it the payment will be occur. It'll leave my account on the 19th. It's already set up like
Cynthia We: Yeah, so they're already there. All those are already there automatically coming out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Great. Okay. And you're sure they're not set for a prior day
Exactly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. You already have this set up for success. That's great. Okay, um,
Cynthia We: I think we should put tickets braces off let's wait and see what we're
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing. Okay, I've got it circled. That's one of the ones I
Cynthia We: Oh, OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: For like a variable. Let me just back up here. One more time, my paper so little messy. So right now I think we're working with $1,000 really to at least moving
Gwenevere Abriel: With some degree of confidence, obviously, this all he pulls it together. That'd be awesome. But we have 1000 and now we are taking out
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's talk a little bit about just take a week by week
Gwenevere Abriel: What can you do to have a nourishing enjoyable week of family eating, possibly, I guess at home. This week, what can we pull off.
Cynthia We: I think what you're good at 150 probably
Gwenevere Abriel: Won't one. Well, let's take, let's take how much it was like, if you take a meat right you take, let's say you were going to have a chicken or we're going to have
Gwenevere Abriel: Like that tends to be the price your piece of the meal. Is that what you do, like you kind of think, Okay, I'm going to have a hamburger. I'm going to have pork or I'm going to handle. If you guys are vegetarian.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You know that's tends to be the price of your piece. Have you done some meal planning to kind of think, well, what am I going to do for these these five days. No. Okay. Maybe that's that's kind of maybe where to start. Yeah, yeah.
Cynthia We: I don't
Cynthia We: I don't eat me. So I kind of throw that together for them. Okay.
Like
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have a sense of how much each meal costs drink during meal. Okay. All right. That might be sort of a learning point are you are you assuming the role of shopper. This week, sending
Cynthia We: Out well
Scott
Gwenevere Abriel: Scott, do you want to take on that role this week. Do you have the time and interest.
Cynthia We: Well, I don't have the time, but I'll do it.
Cynthia We: There's a big monkey wrench that just got thrown into our life here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, let me hear
Cynthia We: Cindy's sister's son or nephew is coming to stay with us.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, that okay yeah and
Cynthia We: He's had a lot of issues, a lot of problems, um, with the law with drugs. Okay, I'm
Cynthia We: Bad people and whatever he wants to get away from everything and just
Cynthia We: Come here and click start fresh. And, you know,
Cynthia We: A like a Hollywood movie.
Cynthia We: Fixed by coming out here. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: You let me know how that works.
Out.
Cynthia We: We have to really clean and organized a lot of the house and we set up tear out Lola's room and set it up for him because we don't have a spare room and
Cynthia We: Okay, so we have a lot of stuff to do that. I'm stressed about and we also have to consider. We don't know exactly where he is.
Cynthia We: He's got medication issues and yes I we got to worry about, you know, leaving money and valuables out that kind of situation. We're not sure what we assume because we've been there were trying
Gwenevere Abriel: Might as well just assume that you take
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, until he earned your trust me, sorry. It's broken. Some promises with other family members. That's what this is, this is all about.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're describing it as a monkey wrench and it couldn't get a monkey wrench in this session to where we don't get done what you want. So let's really take a look and make sure if at the end of this because we can go wherever you want. If you guys already know these pieces about
Gwenevere Abriel: You're okay with being this person that shops, but if you don't want to keep doing it. Scott, what you may decide to do is really get a handle on how much the meat portion costs and teach her
Gwenevere Abriel: How much it really costs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. I mean, it's just real world stuff like if there's we you guys are kind of different
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, it's like I'm here. I've already made my decision. I'm here, I'm shopping, Cindy. That's kind of like you're like, I'm already here. I'm shopping. This is what I'm getting there's not right. This
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Oh, you know what, I'm only getting at this many ounces. It'll be a smaller portion. Now, you make embarrassment or whatever may come up, but we're going to have to work through that because the reality is
Gwenevere Abriel: There's, there's a set amount of money and you guys are still going to eat and everything's going to be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But let's not add to it. Any kind of shame or embarrassment to it'll just really get in the way. So I say let's just dive into it and it'll be a new adventure. You guys get to find out talking about how good of
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you enjoy teaching Cindy about what you the skills you have because you're a shopper. And you'll find a really good bargain, you've got that neat thing going on. Not everybody has that
Gwenevere Abriel: And so you may really be able in a tangible way be able to say
Gwenevere Abriel: organic meat over here is this much. Did you know that. And this is how much we can get a little last us for two meals. Maybe we'll do some chicken and pasta.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what and black and chicken BBQ BBQ with with corn on this day.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we've got two meals and oh my gosh. Now we even have a little leftovers. And you're also may think you're going to have someone coming in a little later on. So that's another mouth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Baba, so just now as I'm talking about this, is it okay that you take the information you have. And you kind of show her
Gwenevere Abriel: How much it's going to cost for this week and Cindy, are you offended by it.
Cynthia We: No, I'm not offended.
Have you been offended by it in the past when I try to break down the the food.
Cynthia We: I mean, I have an idea of what meals cost and I have an idea of what my goals are for
Cynthia We: For per meal you know a person kind of thing. Okay, depending on the meals. Yeah, falls anywhere from super cheap to to like to, like, you know, $7 for a whole meal, all the way up to, you know, $18 for a whole meal.
Cynthia We: Person no ha
Cynthia We: Per person. Oh no, not necessarily.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to know. I'd love to know dollar meal for
Cynthia We: Well, like you're having my daddy. If you your spaghetti. If you had to buy it off so you get you got your rigatoni for a buck.
Cynthia We: Or you're totally need to do that for two bucks you got a pound of ground beef for 499 if we even do ground beef or a bag of meatballs for about the same. Okay, and you have pasta sauce from basically $1 $52 99 or jar. It's $1 19 traded. Well, that's no timeline United
Cynthia We: I look at Trader Joe's. It was a
Cynthia We: joke was priceless. I went to Albuquerque Trader Joe's this week to see if it was cheaper every night was is 40 to 80 cents cheaper than I seriously I should take a
Cynthia We: Picture. Okay, so anyway that's, you know, a couple, a couple of murder sauces. So yeah right there and then maybe a baguette right
Cynthia We: There you go. That's, that's what did they come to
Cynthia We: 510 yeah so that's that's my example of a meal for for spaghetti. A good SPAGHETTI MEAL
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you guys drinking
Cynthia We: What we do, it's always drink water. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's that's a cool one. Do you want to do that on Monday. Let's just at least get through.
Gwenevere Abriel: Monday through Friday. You want to do that Monday and who's going to make this is going to you're going to do the shopping. Right.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: WHO'S GOING TO MAKE THE SPAGHETTI MEAL
Gwenevere Abriel: What
Cynthia We: I'll make it. I'll make my, you know, usually I do stop and I make the meal because it'd be nice if I did it while I was home. It kind of depends on if and when I'm home from work, that kind of thing. But it doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Have to be
Gwenevere Abriel: God, are you going to be home on Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or not.
Cynthia We: Be working and be about
Cynthia We: It. Well, if you're working, then I can make it.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. So it's done.
Cynthia We: If your work, your work all week.
Gwenevere Abriel: So for this week without negotiation barring any huge change if you're working, obviously, Cindy you degree, then you can bring in more than be super sauce. It's okay.
Cynthia We: Whenever I don't work I do everything. Okay, so
Cynthia We: Understand how
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you willing to cook on Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whoa, okay. And let's give this
Gwenevere Abriel: A shot. Let's see. Let's see if we could do this spaghetti. What about
Gwenevere Abriel: Tuesday wasn't beyond that you can do want to get some protein, probably in these these kids. I don't know how you do it with her nuts or how you get in there with them, but so you could you can do
Cynthia We: One of your chicken dinners do Chicken Parmesan thing. Or you can do Mexican night I mean lights or we can also just have a straight up hamburger night kind of thing.
Okay, one of those will be a hamburger.
So since we just had Mexican last name.
Cynthia We: Why don't we have chicken right but we're going into next week, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, this is it. This is Tuesday. So chicken two days from now, we can shuffle them right you can shuffle if we decide to make sure
Gwenevere Abriel: But let's at least pick it so that we have an idea of what food needs to be in there. Let's, let's, let's see. So we got chicken and we've got three breaths, or for us.
Cynthia We: We have three three breaths. Yes. Right. And then, and then fake chicken over here.
Cynthia We: I have tofu and I have the other day. We already have frozen chicken. Still no. It's all gone, okay okay 99 for a bag of chicken breasts that actually are like six chicken breasts forever. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we got chicken. And how about the flavoring. What is this, a kind of saucy we doing with us.
Cynthia We: Probably bar. I've got garlic and
Gwenevere Abriel: Permission. Yeah. Yeah. And there's a particular
Cynthia We: Format john
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, are you going to do a rice, maybe what's the starch for this and yeah
Cynthia We: I have read those. You can use your chicken mashed potatoes dreams like you did. Oh, okay, so long to get potatoes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Potatoes. So, so you writing a list of things to buy
Gwenevere Abriel: You got your grocery list, make sure we
Cynthia We: Have a million beans. So we should use them.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean,
Cynthia We: Why would that would be probably with the Mexican
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we could do that maybe
Cynthia We: You want everyone to to kind of see that I can you know baked beans. So, but she already has a crap load of beans, blah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so things I think of with beings like you mentioned, is a Mexican. I also think of a crock pot like a chili. You can take ground beef. You could sit there
Gwenevere Abriel: chilis an easy one to kind of cooked all day long. It's kind of
Cynthia We: Nice for like two or three days to
Cynthia We: I know it's not. So yeah, I can do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: chilies got the beans already have and that just needs some you put ground ground beef and
Cynthia We: Vegetarian decent there and a lot on you know peppers and everything. I saw some chili.
Gwenevere Abriel: Peppers. So you're going to need green peppers on those you put the jalapenos, red, green on the what you put in there. So, those, those need to get priced in, you have the spices for it already in the cabinet.
Cynthia We: I have all the spices. I need um
Cynthia We: We got onion. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure.
Cynthia We: I don't know, Jimmy, where the onions. So anything I'm
Cynthia We: Just call to call three other peppers five
Give me a frozen corn no dollar six
Cynthia We: And I probably need some tomatoes, tomatoes.
Cynthia We: Tomatoes.
Young
Cynthia We: Stuff. So something like 10
Cynthia We: And if we need a couple other cans of beans because you're going to use years mostly for Mexican know about all kinds. Okay, for this specific purpose to eat something with beings all beings I family so I can do chili for
Cynthia We: 12 to $13 okay nice
Cynthia We: And not scratch that.
Cynthia We: 399 for Morningstar meat. So yeah, I could do it for 15 bucks 15. Okay, got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And so we've got
Gwenevere Abriel: For chili and do we'd kind of round, how much this chicken meal will be with the potatoes. If you're going that direction or rises as you're already have it. I don't know which
Cynthia We: 199 so there's two books potatoes 699 chicken and you probably will buy another means or something. Yeah, so that's like two bucks. So okay, so two hours with them 12 bucks for chicken dinner.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice. Very nice. And SPAGHETTI WAS REALLY CHEAP just this bottle of red sauce up again and spaghetti. If you don't already have the pasta in house so far I have a spaghetti sort of on veggie style. I didn't. I don't think you're putting any meatballs and that one.
Cynthia We: Yeah, I got me balls.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you
Cynthia We: Got it. You
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it. Chicken 12 bucks and the the the chili and there might even be a lunch left over there, here and there. So let's see if we can get another meal.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got chicken and you've got, I can't tell if you put me in the chili or if you're going to have a hamburger.
Cynthia We: Make me we're putting fake meat.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no. Do you want to have a hamburger night then
Cynthia We: You can have a hamburger night and or a Mexican night.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it depends on what you get when you go to the store. What you kind of want to do
Cynthia We: Well we doing this Monday through Friday. So we're doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I mean, really, you just, you're going to just not have to overthink about food because you'll have it. It'll be there because happiness switching the days that
Cynthia We: Hamburgers we need it. All we need a one more than a soap so called hamburger meets actually more than that because
Cynthia We: Because later just just figure out how much you need it for them and figuring um, do you have your book your birth still. Yeah, you're good, you're good.
Okay, six.
Funds.
Cynthia We: For hamburgers vegetables.
Cynthia We: Like tomatoes, tomatoes.
Cynthia We: Do you guys put tomatoes on there. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you have condiments.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stuff like that. Yep. So
Cynthia We: So okay, so we do need tomatoes and tomatoes will go in Mexican and hammer. Yes. So, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have, how do you cook it. Do you have a barbecue. Do you have gas. What do you do with
Cynthia We: A grill is it, but I haven't used it right now. So we'll probably put it on our little grilling. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. What number are we at with that tomatoes and hamburger meat.
Cynthia We: So I think the most. We don't have any force we have nothing.
To
Cynthia We: Ok so hamburgers.
Gwenevere Abriel: Down the line I got some ideas for that maybe a maybe a lasagna. We could do something like that nine and tomatoes 10 1112 yeah um
Cynthia We: 12 bucks at the most.
Cynthia We: For hamburgers.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I met I met 46 bucks here at this point.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it
Cynthia We: Looks Mexican yeah okay and then she's already. Yes. So we have cheese new tortillas kanji
Beef for
Cynthia We: Your picnic. We've got enough
Okay.
Cynthia We: The tomatoes already purchased as part of the hamburgers.
Cynthia We: The onions already purchased as part of the chili.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you haven't used them all your
Cynthia We: Well I, I actually have one and a half left. Okay. And so, so, so it's just the cost of the 20th, but for sour cream, we have, I have a package in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any salsa going there.
You go
Cynthia We: Okay. Um, and then if you want to buy if you want to do, beans and rice homicide someone does not always like to have the seven cream that is used from the previous one. So we could get another package because
Gwenevere Abriel: You guys have this little passive aggressive behavior in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like someone I wonder is it whenever
Cynthia We: I believe that we can all use a certain amount of sour cream and that it's okay if it's been opened, but I believe that you were upset about this frequently. No, I think when I opened it up. Okay, so I'll get sometimes right
Gwenevere Abriel: And sour cream. So far, we already have the cheapest can be kind of an expensive one. So it's nice. You already happened.
Cynthia We: You sure you have enough
Cynthia We: Enough of what cheese you like your lunches your lunches. No, no, we've got enough poorly.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it does look like. Although you haven't given me a number for the tortilla. It does kind of look like when you guys are budgeting. I don't know if you noticed that a number kind of kept surfacing
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, notice that
Gwenevere Abriel: So now, right, I mean, I'm not. It's not absolute. But when you're just sort of saying we've got to have this rough estimate of stuff maybe just saying $13 gets it done and and then it
Cynthia We: Yeah yeah
Cynthia We: That makes sense, right, are you
Cynthia We: I said meal for for for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you're going to find it.
Cynthia We: Was better $7 well
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, well, if you, you know, come on it a red sauce. If you're not going to put you say you already have the meatballs. It can be pretty pretty cheap you boil the water you put the pasta in it. People are fed, you've got the again. You said it can be quite cheap. Yeah.
Cynthia We: hamburger meat and bones. You know, it's like okay
Gwenevere Abriel: But, but I will tell you there is this backstory of veggie, veggie meat happening. So there is this undercurrent back here, as if like that doesn't cost money. Is there a little magic meet ferry to trust system.
Cynthia We: No, no, no.
Cynthia We: No, because it's already there. It's already
Gwenevere Abriel: But it just purchase from software.
Cynthia We: Yeah, it's 399 package. Okay.
Cynthia We: well rounded
Cynthia We: It's like a pound of ground beef for three days.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wanted to include that that's part of your part of this fan.
Cynthia We: I have it in the fridge, a whole bunch of it so
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much is tortillas and sour cream, no. Let's go to the next.
Cynthia We: 79 maybe five books. Cool. Yeah. Okay, so you're, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: 50 $51 were some beans without or
Cynthia We: I have rice and
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, has this. Okay, so here we go. You're telling me $50 is going to get you through this week. Okay, that's
Cynthia We: Included lunches breakfasts or
Cynthia We: Yeah, very important in this House.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, the snacks. Snacks. Okay, well,
Cynthia We: Good wine. If they don't have them.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so let's let's do, let's do some assessment of what we just did. Scott did this feel different having broken it down like this, what we just did all together, or was this basically how it goes in real life. No, this is not how
Cynthia We: I mean, this is how I think it kind of goes in my head.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but
Cynthia We: I don't usually share it and we don't do it together. So
Gwenevere Abriel: So, this feels different and Cindy for you. Does this feel different.
Cynthia We: Yeah, totally. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: In a positive way like
Gwenevere Abriel: They got past the silliness of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay, well, then great then then. Let's, um, now is it is it. So now, maybe a comfortable that you could do lunch and breakfast on your own or too risky and let's do it together.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do I do too risky alone. Oh. Oh.
Cynthia We: Yeah, I think there's some unrealistic things that come out from Scott and I think that I get really frustrated with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's get into it. Let's see what happens at lunch. Let's go for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Cynthia We: Again, I'm
Cynthia We: Not he does not like TURKEY SANDWICHES anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay taste buds are changing those darn those children. He told
Cynthia We: He yelled at me for giving them turkey sandwich. I told you I don't like them. You don't make them with love, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta know what that means. What does that mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't
Cynthia We: Oh, I am making it in five minutes in the morning. So I put it together quickly.
Cynthia We: Okay, yes, because I am making the lunches and I'm making the breakfast. So, and then I'm driving when I'm home for lunch. I will make them.
Cynthia We: A turkey sandwich and I will post the bread, and I will put the mail and I put salt and pepper on and I will put Swiss cheese and the turkey in a place called tomatoes. They didn't enjoy that. It's different. Different than throwing something together for their lunch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so some some interesting. So we have Turkey, we have mail Swiss tomato Swiss tomato and mail will certainly need to be around the Turkey will need to be around it are those. I know you mentioned tomatoes coming in for hamburger and for Mexican zero
Gwenevere Abriel: For turkey sandwich.
Cynthia We: Yep, there's enough for packages to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And then, may I was still around. And there's Swiss
Cynthia We: Swiss Swiss okay
Gwenevere Abriel: So, Give me, give me some number.
Cynthia We: 399 for the Swiss maybe turkeys. What's your name, is it. Yeah.
Cynthia We: Some box. Okay, read
Gwenevere Abriel: And that'll last how long oh yeah I bounce bread.
Cynthia We: $5
Cynthia We: Well, if you go to the other store. Yeah. Um, yeah, there's this thing also like she'll go to Trader Joe's okay and and not okay. This
This is
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting into whole grain versus the cheaper bread so
Gwenevere Abriel: Less about that. What was happening.
Cynthia We: Well, no, I think Cindy's conflicted about, um, the whole grain thing nowadays we used to go whole grain and try to, you know, eat that way. But then she read a couple studies where it really doesn't freakin matter as much as she thought, um, however, I just, I cannot just by white bread and
Cynthia We: No, no. So so bad. So what do you buy right all the time at Trader Joe's. It's sourdough sorry. That's okay. So anyways, social buy something at Trader Joe's in the piano Trader Joe's. You know, the bread has like a laptop shelf date of two days.
Cynthia We: Yeah, put it in the fridge and it's usually yeah and not well it's still has you might extend it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's talk about the elephants in the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: You get to feel like a good mom by making sure that you're putting wholesome food in the house. And notice how you registered it to Scott with make food in a loving way both of you have that in in in you. Okay. It just shows up in different ways. You both have it have it so so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's find that compassion for each other, you will do have a shared value, you do see
Gwenevere Abriel: That you're wanting to provide for your children. And in a way, now how we accomplish this, this piece in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever seen an in between that can work for both of you that sandwich can be made with love and there can be some some nourishment in it. Cindy is there. Have you seen something that could work is white bread.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bread and that the kid will eat because then, good grief and we're working with.
Cynthia We: A day or two a week because you can't overload them with TURKEY SANDWICHES, so you have other ideas for lunches. Right.
Cynthia We: Now, so the what we end up doing with the bread usually unfortunately involves a different trip, which I don't mind doing is Dave's white bread, it's organic, go whole grain.
Cynthia We: For white bread done right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I think I know what you're talking about.
Cynthia We: Another store if it is 599 low saying
Cynthia We: But it lasts. And so you get
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, so it
Gwenevere Abriel: costs more than a couple of days at least.
Cynthia We: Really, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That does that feel like like a good investment Scott for you that 599 bread that it's both going to be made with love last longer. Cindy gets to also feel like she's nourishing the kids too.
Cynthia We: Yeah, I mean, I'm I've, I've agreed. I've got. She's taught me and drawing me into all this organic and healthier stuff to buy in the most important things to buy that organic as opposed to, once we can get away with. So I'm
Cynthia We: I'm sold on a lot of it. Sometimes I'm like, when we're this broke, though. I'm like, oh, you know, we might have to just get you know country white bread for tonight but but you can get the Trader Joe's stuff that is will grade for tonight, but the kids hate it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's important.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cardboard. Yeah. So Cindy, you gotta, you gotta take that in. If this is if this whole thing this piece about food and it's not an uncommon one
Gwenevere Abriel: If we say this is just this month. Remember how we're kind of working out, this, this, this is a little different. Sometimes we're really, really good at and other times are focused on somewhere else. What if it's just a
Gwenevere Abriel: Little bit tight right now. Um, is there something that you could sort of say to yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a fun week it's going to be more fun food as if we're on a vacation and maybe we're eating Doritos here and there. Are you just doing I'm saying, like,
Gwenevere Abriel: And then we go back to a lifestyle and you'll get back to lifestyle but right now it's a pinch, is that completely just overwhelming that idea.
Cynthia We: For me that's what comes natural.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but for you, Cindy. Is this seem like if I do it once, it will be this way.
Cynthia We: Once, then they'll
Cynthia We: It'll never end because that's what they'll want all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so they do yeah that white bread stuff they all kind of want that that's true. But here's the piece anywhere you show up as parent
Gwenevere Abriel: Food isn't always fun food right it's supposed to be nutrition and it's supposed to be fueling the body and and being good fuel. The difficult part comes in your ability to manage the fact that there's going to be confrontation. That's where this
Cynthia We: Food. No, I can't manage it. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so that's where you come into this this story I'm
Cynthia We: With you. I just think that they'll stop eating their lunches and then I'll be where I was before. I can't, if I if I go to the fun bread and I
Cynthia We: Got from the fun but don't stop eating and just and then I'll be like, all
Cynthia We: But we're I think we're it's getting a little bit. I think we're talking about a different brand of bread, and I think sliding from one brand of read the other is so much more subtle than
Cynthia We: Buying Doritos and snickers and having that kind of fun week. A week. Oh no, I don't. I don't think we make those things a habit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait, let's go to the bread wealthy kids eat Dave's white bread. Yes.
Cynthia We: Oh, totally. Yeah. Yeah. I thought you meant we should take, we should go to the dollar, bro.
Cynthia We: Well, I was
Cynthia We: I was telling them so
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I was throwing it out there, but maybe that that just may not be a possibility. So I don't know, let's just see what happens. We've got 599 and that'll last all week if they decide they want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Use some of it for a French toast in the morning or something like there's a way to use it elsewhere. Right.
Cynthia We: Yep. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you are you okay with that does, it's
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's doable, Scott. Yep. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the other piece that we just dipped into right that's ongoing discussion that's working on navigating confrontation in a family and what are our family system norms and
Gwenevere Abriel: And who takes this on those are much, those are bigger. And we could be spending our time doing that, but that's not what we're doing right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go, persevering. What else we got, we've got a $7 I first I had $7 for Swiss and for Turkey. Now, I also have at least when you go shopping 599 right. Am I, am I on
Um,
What else do you give them for lunch. I give Teague and allow the leftovers.
Cynthia We: Doesn't like sandwiches. So what else like I always make an extra burrito when I
Cynthia We: Okay, or the day we are spaghetti. I'll be able to give them in right at the next day the chilly day I can give back. So it's really low, low, is there anything else you need to buy through main course one maybe um
Cynthia We: No, no, a seaweed.
Cynthia We: Seaweed okay bars.
So, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Snacks. But let's just cover.
Cynthia We: I was just thinking lunches for lunches.
Cynthia We: A piece of fruit in a lunch organs. So you got to buy some oranges are gone, Judy, Judy. Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we got fruit. We've got ours and CDs. Yes, get a sense of the price of that, guys.
Cynthia We: Two packages, the bars will be $1 90 $94 and us kind of straddling snacks and lunch. So I'm just thinking about lunch. So yeah, so don't use the phone to the snap carriers will she sticks up those money. Yeah.
Cynthia We: And then those service sex. Just stop the violence was going on.
Cynthia We: cuties is like a big bag of time.
Cynthia We: What a big bag is 599
Cynthia We: It's not, you're not getting the Big Creek and always have those you're getting 399 for the keys.
Cynthia We: Is doing 49
Cynthia We: For six packaging.
Cynthia We: And you put anything nice or sweet. I do I put cookies in there. Once he doesn't make them all.
Cynthia We: So you have to get a box vanilla wafers or something like that.
Cynthia We: For us.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you guys have written down. Wait, let me just see. You've written down, you know, ironically, the healthy stuff. It's more expensive right so fruit you've written down a number that will get you through the week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes bars granola bars, whatever those bars are
Gwenevere Abriel: Sia cheese sticks and cookies enough to get through the week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, please hold that in your mind for lunch. Maybe amplify it a bit more for snack or add something for snack to
Cynthia We: Add one more thing.
Cynthia We: For sex workers, your
Cynthia We: trackers chattering. That's nice. Yeah. Those holy presses like it. Well, that's a good. Those are Book Nine nine
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you just say pretzel. Yeah.
Cynthia We: The holy pretzels.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and mate. Yeah, I don't know if you guys ever dip it in that that hazelnuts stuff or a peanut butter or something, I don't know if you ever do that give a tip, though.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm starting to get hungry now. And so most men.
Cynthia We: Do we have crackers. We just need the cheese.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, unexpected to come up with a number because we're, we got a couple minutes left.
Cynthia We: Here. Okay.
Let's see what we got.
Cynthia We: Five to 25 plus 2839 12 was 12. And that was for the turkey and grab that are no fair to them.
Cynthia We: Okay so 25 $25 covers lunches and a little bit of snacks. All we
Cynthia We: All this next right except for Cindy snacks. Now this does not include since we don't have to go over breakfast. We've got cereal. We've got oatmeal. We've got waffles. We've got we might get one, we need to
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you guys need eggs or syrup or butter.
Cynthia We: Yes, eggs, eggs and eggs and bagels.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's have a number for eggs, Scott. Let's have a number for males.
Cynthia We: Are you going to the cage free eggs $3 $3 one so $3 for eggs and retailers bagels should
Cynthia We: Not be sprouted wheat bagels that you get
Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what about Cindy. Cindy, I was hearing some of your, your, your needs. What, what can
Cynthia We: I do have some cookies that I like. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much of what you got.
Cynthia We: 99
Cynthia We: Okay, do you are you saying no more. I'm saying you buy more than one pack week I'm saying you also by you're talking nuts. I can't eat them. My teeth are messed up right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Cynthia We: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe we're at nine $9. I don't know if that's what I heard just now.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I heard 50 plus 27
Last night.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was, what was that
Cynthia We: Well, I guess you covered all the vegetables and I was no eggs and vegetable salad or bag of spinach in general, that's all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, right now, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So watch right at six. Now, how comfortable are you saying 100 a week gets you guys said
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm okay let's let's go back.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, we're at 100. That's a nice round number
Cynthia We: You're the one grocery shopping, so I don't have to stick to anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: And stuff on them at the grocery store.
Gwenevere Abriel: We got
Them will need the miscellaneous stuff like spinach and milk and
Cynthia We: That's why. Yeah. Oh, and almond milk. But that's why
Cynthia We: You added
Cynthia We: An extra $14 that's fine like to do it $100
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we found it and you're both
Gwenevere Abriel: What tell me
Cynthia We: Um, I haven't accounted for food for myself, except for dinner.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cookie. That's right. And we covered a tiny bit somewhere with a
Cynthia We: With just I'm included in the dinners, but I don't
Cynthia We: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: There was a 399 peace with this meat. I don't think it got wrapped in
Cynthia We: So you just want to add tofurky or something.
Cynthia We: Yeah, and cottage cheese. I would just add like 20,000 your staples that you get your cottage cheese your smoothie meet you give me regularly like tofurky
Cynthia We: Sometimes what do you tell them the damn I'm a cottage cheese do in a day or yogurt.
Cynthia We: Um, no excuse or
Cynthia We: Something just
Gwenevere Abriel: Just for this week. Just be thinking right now. What you're doing is Scott needs a list of what you need in a dance for this week. It's going to stay within $100
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it.
Cynthia We: I don't have to eat it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, not it what it is, is you know it's some
Gwenevere Abriel: Not as many cookies or it's pulling back on, you know, this is where you can you navigate you say, do I pull back on this kind of bread. You already did it with the egg CC to sort of play with that a little bit, maybe there are places where there's no wiggle room.
Gwenevere Abriel: But go do it and see if you can pull this off and I'm hundred dollars and Scott if it goes up to 110 i don't know that that has to be a catastrophic thing. Yeah, see, so there's the yogurt. There's that cottage cheese that just came in, there's plenty of room in there. I think for
Gwenevere Abriel: Almond milk cottage cheese, yogurt, and to get the kind of bread.
Gwenevere Abriel: That there's a buy in from the whole family because I know it's complicated to make everybody happy with bread. Nobody kind of wants that whole grains.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's like hungry to torture me I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so, okay, how we doing
Cynthia We: Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: We need an actual list, though.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's going to be right, you're gonna write down what you're going to buy, and I think we have, let's see, I just gotta run. I want to run down. Just see
Gwenevere Abriel: World. Yeah.
Plus, and you
Know,
Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's it's included, you're going to have yogurt, you're going to have cottage cheese are going to have cookies, you're going to have that bread is in there.
Cynthia We: You know, and if I go to 110 ish. It's okay. Right.
Okay, I just want to see what we actually wrote this one plus one looks
Like us to go to coffee and that's it.
Yeah. Is there anything else going on this week that used to cost money.
Cynthia We: Chickens dance tonight.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the way I'm seeing so
Gwenevere Abriel: If it starts at 500 you take out 100 for food. You're at 400, you have to pay
Gwenevere Abriel: A Fanta.
Right.
Cynthia We: Yeah, I have 574 for all those bills and $100 for food.
Cynthia We: That's 674
Literally
Cynthia We: Start out with all the bills. Now, I mean number, how much my 900 guaranteed by Tuesday. If Ali comes through will have 14
Cynthia We: I'm sorry 1000 guaranteed by Tuesday. If all he comes through. I have 14 so we're trying to do as 1000 okay yeah and
Gwenevere Abriel: The, the Absolutes are at least for the week. Right. We've got 100
Gwenevere Abriel: To two to 10
Gwenevere Abriel: For sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got 33 and I was hearing. Um, that's about gas and coffee.
Cynthia We: Gas coffee and Cynthia's cigarettes that she's about to quit.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what number is that, can you put that together.
Cynthia We: You can give you a $20 card or juice you need more Starbucks. You already have it in the car.
Cynthia We: I have it I can, I can. Should we put a $20 thing a week for Starbucks. A week or this week, or this week. I think we're okay. This week because we have coffee at home.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, how would that be if you made just for this week coffee at home until this this money comes in. Maybe from
Cynthia We: Or I'll use my stars.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, for a mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ali.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So, guys, let's have a number hundred dollar food Yvonne take to 10 Jim. We got to pay that $33 thing. And what are we at for gas.
Cynthia We: Gas 50 bucks. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And is there another urgent thing before this other money comes in.
Gwenevere Abriel: The cigarettes. How much of this cigarettes. Again, or is that included
Cynthia We: What 10 bucks. Let's say for the week or the week you already have a pack.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Oh, let me just look on here really quick as fuel groceries, so not you said cells not doing electrics not doing Waterside two cables. Not do Internet's not do car maintenance. I am thinking about that.
Cynthia We: Grateful, we do have
Cynthia We: If it matters in this conversation, we can still push it off a little but we do have an overdue phone bill.
Cynthia We: Well, we have an overdue phone bill.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much is it
Like
Cynthia We: It was able to go
Cynthia We: Hang on.
Cynthia We: What we did not pay when we were supposed to pay it two weeks ago is rising to 59
Cynthia We: But you can schedule that I can schedule it. We don't have to do it this week, but at the only going to be something we have to do another week.
Cynthia We: So let's braces off from what. Wait a minute. What we don't have to do this. We don't know if we don't have to. I don't think we should put things off, because then they're more straightforward.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now what you guys are talking about there seems to be $697 to
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay for what you're talking about. Right now I see $1,000 sitting here hundred dollar food two to 10 of on $33 Jim $50 gas $10 cigarettes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Way. Remember, it's going to get better.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, this more. So it does this is just short term just really feeling, you know how important it is for us. Nowadays, to have our phones, we want to take that
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got, what do you see the 697 there to Scotty.
Cynthia We: I got 1134
Cynthia We: Okay, well,
Cynthia We: For really quick. For most of the bills. I have to 1033 to 14 and 116 credit card forgot the food.
Cynthia We: I have 100 food.
Cynthia We: 50 gas my 10 six
Gwenevere Abriel: I was starting with 1000 were you
Cynthia We: Yeah, you mean subtracting from 1000 Uh huh. Yeah, sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so here I got minus 100 for food minus, you said it's not to 10 it's actually two, he said, or
Cynthia We: Not there's a to 10 to 14 so sorry. Okay. Okay, that's what that's what was going on there. It was over and you have the 116
Cynthia We: Credit card.
I did not. Okay. Okay. I paid to sit in my seat.
Minus
Three.
Cynthia We: You're doing it one way and another way, but it's it's
The same thing
Gwenevere Abriel: To 67. What are you getting
Cynthia We: To 66 yeah we're good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, pretty good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the difference is you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Not going to be having Starbucks, you're going to be making coffee at home. So that means sugars going to get us. That means creamer or however you take it. There's going to be coffee filters, it still takes money to do things. And now it comes into play.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, does this Verizon or horizon. I'm not sure what you got to still get paid or. Can it wait till you feel more comfortable.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want 19th or 20th. I don't know.
Cynthia We: I guess so. Um, well, as long as nothing else would come up towards the end of week and we still had this $260 left. Okay. There's no reason not to pay it. Right. Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: I tripped and mechanics. That sounds like
Cynthia We: Yes, so it's one or the other, probably, if we have to
Cynthia We: Hopefully that's not over, you know, few bucks.
Cynthia We: So we'll go to the mechanics early in the week and see what's up with that maybe it's not. Maybe it's just a fuel adjustment. I mean, a liquid adjustment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Could be brake fluid that's true.
Cynthia We: You something easy, who knows.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got somebody that you kind of trust that you know will take down
Cynthia We: On your go to guy, Bob.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now I got to get real world here.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're holding the money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. You're Scott you're holding the this hundred dollars to go shopping. Whatever it is, whatever you come up with, I would really invite you to show it to Cindy, so she can see it. I don't know. Let's see what happens with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: How much do you want to include the kids in in this because it can all go can put if one kid says well you know I took the whole box and took it to school and gave it to my friends. I mean, I have no idea how things go.
Cynthia We: Yeah, um, I mean,
Cynthia We: I think, first we we like to not say much of anything and not let them worry or stress about these kind of things, but I also, I mean, obviously, some of it leaks out and it is worst thing in the world for kids to know, hey, this is live in tight and this is not i'm not terrible.
Gwenevere Abriel: A this is a family value system thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: If
Gwenevere Abriel: They're responsible for making a decision about it. No, that's not so healthy if they're the ones that are kind of like, oh, I'm participating in a family project here that can
Gwenevere Abriel: Be kind of fun, they can learn some accountability. Let's, let's, we're going to be following a budget today. Let's see how we do. This is how much
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got if you're going to be grabbing it and we're going to need to know about it. You know what, let's really stick. I'm not going to be going to Starbucks this week and
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I hate it but it feels good to be sacrificing for your family this this month has been a been a little tight.
Gwenevere Abriel: inherently bad. No, it's but I'm not there to see how you deliver the information, the kids response. I'm not there to manage how they're taking it in, whether you're
Gwenevere Abriel: decompressing from it and in shame. Right. It's, it's, there's no way to say it. Um, but, in and of itself things cost money for them to appreciate that. It's not just magically growing on a tree. Yeah, I think it's nice to kind of have some personal accountability.
Cynthia We: Idea. I've been told, Well, and know to modern grocery all week. Modern gross wise and you know the she wants a spinach, kale and lemon smoothie. This is what you create this is what you create
Cynthia We: That's our treat. I think that's an awesome treat. In fact, we go get smoothies that are made of kale is just great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so
Cynthia We: I have to say no is already hard
Gwenevere Abriel: Awesome. But notice that it didn't get included in here. It's not fair. I remember I was telling you this, this thing going on in the back, it will kale, we can buy kale, we can say, well, what we're going to have this one smoothie will will enjoy making it together and we make it
Cynthia We: We didn't put any other fruits
Gwenevere Abriel: Didn't say it. You keep this undercurrent back here. Cindy of all it's already there. No, it doesn't just
Gwenevere Abriel: Magically there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see what I'm trying to we've got to buy it and write it. This is where the meat of the challenge comes in. I don't want to deprive my daughter of this special treat. I'm giving her something healthy
Gwenevere Abriel: So that you know you're giving stability to your children right now because you're giving, believe me. Right. It's not just about this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Depriving her of a sweet treat you are in a financial challenge right now. This is real. You love her, just the same. Your Love comes from more than just ability to say yes to this this nutritious thing it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Your creating stability and safety for her to you're a good mom show up in a lot of other ways, but I don't know what you're saying to yourself about that.
Sometimes it's no
Cynthia We: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: And we've got to sit with the discomfort of
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't have it to give right now. And what do I do with the meaning of that. Do I go to shame. Do I go to. How can this be happening. I gotta
Gwenevere Abriel: NOT FEEL THIS AND BY in this movie anyway because I don't want to feel it, or do you to look to each other and you you you off load some of the distress and say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you try this movie. I hate it but I don't know that you guys are talking to each other to say that was hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm so used to being able to spoil even, you know, I like it. I like spoiling i mean
Gwenevere Abriel: How do I show her and love her, you know, this is this is a different kind of parenting it's asking you to really take a look at what you've been doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Where it is love. Get display and communicate in other ways. It's still love you guys are not buying a condo, you know, you're not doing some lack of do thing with this, you're not going to this is, this is what love looks like right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I don't know who you really have buy in on that, Cindy. It's just, it's awful for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it and get dying inside right now.
Cynthia We: No, no, but it is the term said no.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you don't say no, all the time.
Cynthia We: I do this, I do say no.
Gwenevere Abriel: All the time didn't
Cynthia We: But you did what I did when you were working. No, I didn't say no. Ever. You didn't last week, you got smoothies, I did not. What are you talking about the juice.
Cynthia We: Oh, OK. We went to Cuba juice, but we have not gone to modern question she wants a lot of fucking smoothly. I don't care if you ever, like, Hey, let's have one day where we get a smoothie. That's what I was thinking was
Cynthia We: That just Lola has been trained know say, oh, it's Wednesday. It's my smoothie day. Oh breakdancing it's my sweet, we always start first movie after breakdancing
Cynthia We: He's trained to do. Oh, this is a natural grocers all the time. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's what
Cynthia We: I'm glad she she wants healthy stuff. And that's a good habit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your, your wife. She said, it's hard. Let that and she's owning it is hard to say no and just understand that I am saying
Cynthia We: She got me after break dancing when I took her last week. She got me to go to Cuba juicy.
To go
Gwenevere Abriel: You guys it is. It's hard to say oh two markets. We love them. We always want them to have everything we didn't have. We want to always have that
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're going to have to hold on to yours truth to right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's you're the adult, you're not friend, you're, you're not trying to shape behavior, not trying to do something with the kid, what you're doing is you're trying to hold on to yourselves here and say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Can't do it this week. It's not a reflection of you. We've been doing it recently, um, let's take a look at that in a couple weeks we'll see if we can get back in the groove. But I'll tell you what we can do. We can go home and we can have
Gwenevere Abriel: Eggs or French toast for dinner, we could do something wild and fun. It'll be breakfast for dinner on Friday we'll do something kind of kooky like that, you know, but it's the it's not okay for each of you to say no because it's mine. It's like, well, what am I am I broke
Cynthia We: I told Lola that she'd have to ask, Daddy about that. Yeah, that's
Gwenevere Abriel: Chicken.
Cynthia We: He always says no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sandy. He chickened out.
Cynthia We: Oh, but I said no all over. I said no. Alisha she knows I'm saying no, she's playing too though because
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you guys
Gwenevere Abriel: How to talk to her.
Cynthia We: No.
Cynthia We: I mean, I don't know, probably, but she's playing that game too because Daddy doesn't always say, No, daddy just went the key with us. She taught me to go to boba tea for Christ's sake.
Cynthia We: When we were all saying so not even help and me and hurt you are little things we stop and get our slushies once in a blue moon because it's I don't, I'm not around all the time. And when I'm running around town. It's nice to
Cynthia We: To temper their mood with all the errands with the freaking hey we're gonna get a blueberry slush. You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: He does the same thing.
Cynthia We: Well, I do it too. I like to do it and and
Cynthia We: You know, cheaply economically and in certain places, but I do say no when she asked every time. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about in advance. This is a new way of going about things you go out in advance. You say listen you Rugrats.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is how it's going to go. I know you're used to asking for treats out there and you're probably going to ask for it again. But I'm going to be saying no, we're not going to have any of that. Just this week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if we can maybe do it in a couple weeks or something. But for now, you're going to hear know a kid is going to test and push. It's not their job.
Gwenevere Abriel: To take care of you, emotionally, you know, no one likes to hear that.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're just going to ask. That's what kids do. We're greedy little creatures. They're good little kids, but that's just what we do. We just asking.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've been reinforced because we've been hearing our. Yes. And we're going to split when we don't get it from one parent. We're going to go over to the next one. We're good kids, but that's just what we do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your job is to hold on to your truth us chest you guys love them so much. It doesn't go away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Plan. Now something else that you can redirect the conversation to if it's not a quick slushy as you were saying just sort of quell the intensity of whatever's going on. We need to have a plan of what else to do besides
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting a sweet treat
Gwenevere Abriel: Need to plan. What else can you do. All right. Well, you know what, I don't know what you're saying is let's go hit tennis balls like it's kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Can't do that something in the house, whatever it is. Some enjoyment together. But that has to be okay well you guys hang out together. They're used to doing this the eating thing as a way of connecting with you. But there's other ways to enjoy each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: It, but ultimately it's you being okay with the know is if you're depriving them somehow. It's depriving you but that's the adult battle is
Gwenevere Abriel: This is real. I'm not going to put my little on my home and jeopardy right or my relationship so much tension happens. We've got to be able to just say that's not happening. I love you to death, kid. But any happening today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not today. It's a grown up thing. You got nothing to worry about. But TODAY. No. Can't do it. Can't do it but listening about what do we have at home.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I'm saying, okay, but let me hear this. This was getting more into the emotional stuff around the know
Gwenevere Abriel: What do we, what are we, what are we talking about here. Cindy, let's start with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this possible for you to do this.
Cynthia We: Yes, yes it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and it's, it may be sometimes you have been saying no, and other times, there have been yeses over the last month or so right now. Always okay and Scott for you. There have been some guesses where you've caved to the pressure of a little cutie and
Cynthia We: Yeah, so I'm cool doing a know and come up with something else or the
Cynthia We: Way I did. I guess my rationale is I don't. I'm the one that says no, most of the time. So whenever I do say yes, it's totally justified. That's the way I think. And it's not right either.
Cynthia We: But that's probably why I'm okay. I'm stopping it, you know, Baskin Robbins.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want two weeks. That was really generous of you to say that. Do you see that send me that he just took he just gave something important to you, which was
Gwenevere Abriel: gave away some of that that righteousness and all of that, like, because I'm always, you know, he gave it away and just share that didn't have to do that was really generous Scott, just to say that out loud.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, but do you guys see how hard it is for us, parents and adults to say no, it's like it would just be nice if the kids, which is not ask
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're going to ask. It's up to us to hold our little backbone.
Gwenevere Abriel: And be like, I don't want to say no to you because I want to spoil with every little thing on this planet, but you can say those things you can say, I want to give you everything I've got and more
Gwenevere Abriel: Can't can't give that to you today though love. Yeah, let's go for a little drive in the mountain. Let's go a little bike ride. Come on, let's go.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you've got to be okay with that. No, it's not, meaning you know you loves a less still an amazing provider, you see, you're going to have to sit with that discomfort.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think, do we have a list or you're going to, you're going to have a
Gwenevere Abriel: List just
Cynthia We: A couple things to it for this movie things
Cynthia We: Going to add smoothie stuff to the list. So the girl show
Cynthia We: Me stuff so we can make them at home. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, a kale, a banana or whatever it is that goes in it. But let's be specific, because he's going to go out and need to get it and manage that budget. He's burdened with it so
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's a conversation, maybe with the kids to like it's this is going to look a little different.
Gwenevere Abriel: It might all let go of some of the pressure for you because you've already set set the precedent for what
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's still going to be conversations coming up. Then there's the next week or there's the second half of the week, or there's a oh my gosh this break right this mechanic may come back with a piece of information.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you guys don't come away with new skills, then you're not able to sort of navigate these things.
Gwenevere Abriel: In a new way in the future. So why don't we reinforce what each of you did a little differently that you may be committed to to do the next time you you navigate another discussion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cindy, what did you notice you did that was really generous of spirit. What did you do, you either took some ownership and you did something different.
Cynthia We: I wouldn't along with figuring out how much each thing comes
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so turn turn towards him and tell him how it felt to sit, having to talk about the price of each little item.
Cynthia We: It was excruciating for me talk about the price of each item and just
Cynthia We: Just go with the flow. Like, not just go with
Cynthia We: What I felt when I was there at the grocery store.
Gwenevere Abriel: And as you sat with that is excruciating. Is it, I felt uncomfortable. I felt what
Cynthia We: Yeah, it's just
It's just don't
Like it it takes time.
Cynthia We: It takes time and it just is uncomfortable. It's uncomfortable. They have talked about price of every single little thing do you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know what that emotion is
Cynthia We: I don't know.
Cynthia We: Well, and annoying is not emotion.
Cynthia We: On shame, I'm sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I think that's what makes it hard to say no to
Cynthia We: Think it's it's normal.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe say it like this. I felt shame, as we talked about each item and just say that to him. And let's mirror that back and then we're going to do another an exchange the other way around. But do look at each other, this, this is where
Cynthia We: I felt shame. As we talked
Gwenevere Abriel: A mirror that back, Scott. Look at you. Look at me. Hang in there felt
Shame.
To discuss the person
Didn't. Did I get that right.
Away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. Let's flip this around and you're going to mirror what this has been like for Scotto play, Cindy. Can you hold that space to
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. Scott, look at her and now find your truth. Take your time.
Gwenevere Abriel: I felt something when body, blah.
Cynthia We: Well I, I feel good about the whole thing. I know what I like to do. I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell her
Cynthia We: What I feel a
Cynthia We: Little relief, a little
Cynthia We: reassured that
Cynthia We: That I'm
Cynthia We: More might be more serious about
That we might be more
Cynthia We: Okay, you stop so that
Gwenevere Abriel: Feeling where you're going with is, I guess.
Cynthia We: In relief you felt good and you felt really ensure reassured that we might go forward and take this more seriously. So I get that right. Yes, because I've never felt them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm.
Cynthia We: I just feel always contentious.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so hold on, I feel that we know we're storytelling. As soon as that pops up. So just this one last piece. And I just go a little power spot.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel I know it's contrived. But, see if you can find an actual emotion word to plug in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: In reflecting back that this
Gwenevere Abriel: Discussion happened. See if you know what the actual feeling radios.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good isn't one, by the way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Releases but go a little deeper.
Cynthia We: I don't know what the word is for less stressed, I feel
Cynthia We: Hopeful
Gwenevere Abriel: How much of that is true. Do you have some increased hope.
Cynthia We: I haven't been so it's I I feel tentatively hopeful.
Gwenevere Abriel: About somewhat helpful.
Cynthia We: Yeah, meaning more than I was before. Okay, um,
Cynthia We: History has is still scarred, you know, with on us having trouble with this, but I feel more hopeful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, see if you can mirror that back. Do you need help. Cindy was a too much.
Cynthia We: You can do you feel hopeful your back. Lucky, lucky like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: somewhat helpful. Yeah.
Cynthia We: You feel somewhat hopeful history is still scarred with
Gwenevere Abriel: Mirror is sarcastic, you're
Gwenevere Abriel: A little nervous.
Cynthia We: Hey, he's associated about the history being scarred with
Okay.
Cynthia We: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So take a deep breath. That was hard for you to hear because Shane's in
Cynthia We: Here. Yeah, I don't. I don't.
Cynthia We: I know he's helpful. Great. I'm excited, but the timing thriller. Honestly, I don't want to say that I want to say I'm hopeful.
Cynthia We: And this is great. And it is and it's not. I don't believe it or do you want my part of my honest total everything I'm feeling. Yes, it is. I am hopeful. We've gone forward and it is definitely a step in the hopeful direction, but I am
Cynthia We: Down tentative not doubtful. I think we're going to do this. I don't think we're going to fail.
Cynthia We: Um, but
Cynthia We: I guess the contentions we've had in the past with this make me feel like it's not going to be smooth as butter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so hold on, since it's a steroid like try this on, see if there's anything close to find your own word
Gwenevere Abriel: We got something, this will be the last one. And then I got to go try this on Scott, but you can find your own wording for it. I'm Cindy, I feel worried that we won't stick to the budget.
Gwenevere Abriel: Truth my mind.
Cynthia We: So I I'm hopeful and I feel positive I feel hopeful about this.
Um,
But I do I feel worried or concerns.
Gwenevere Abriel: That we might not stick to 100% and is that the truth.
Cynthia We: No, no, it's nice that I will but
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyways, you might as well get to it.
Cynthia We: That you might not stick to it in certain places cause issues.
Period. Period.
Cynthia We: When I don't like is what happens when that happens, because then I am like God. Do I say anything. Do I raised the point that she did something she said she wasn't gonna do
Cynthia We: It's going to cause a fight. So sometimes I don't. Sometimes you and then it causes an issue. So that's what I, that's what I'm concerned about is that can do argument about students don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Think we're going to get them. So are you are you doing okay. Cindy yeah you know that he has a right in his own opinion he's ready. No, no, no. He has a right to his own experience. You have a right to yours too.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're not there is no out our way of power. Here it is, you have access to write your experience is just as valid.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know that to be true. I could spend plenty of time explaining how your experiences valid Cindy, you need to believe that you're never going to be able to hold his truth. You can't hold your own
Gwenevere Abriel: Your family like to, they don't negate each other.
They don't. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Scott, nice and easy. Here I am concerned that you won't stick to this budget.
I have I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: slightly concerned that you might not stick to this budget. Okay, period. Now Marin that back. So you're slightly concerned that I won't stick to this budget, take it. Yes. Is there more last one is there one
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh no. Okay. And you heard the hopeful Part two right felt different. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: This stuff that you're going through Cindy around the shame that needs all that attention that you and I have worked on that needs lots of attention but sitting with it, fueling it like I'm a shit no good.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't work. It serves zero, it serves zero and you can just enjoy what today has to offer, enjoy the fact that you sat
Gwenevere Abriel: With that discomfort that you could hear your husband that you did something that you were really uncomfortable doing and you did it anyway. Remember
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember that list, we did with all of those beliefs and how how money has this meaning you're having to smack right up in front of it and it is uncomfortable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it would be uncomfortable for anybody but you're doing it anyway. And it's because I believe that you value this marriage and the functioning of this family.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that you can see the value in taking meticulous care, even though it's just butting up against this image of the self. Just slamming in there, hard. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's not making you a bad person. This is a normal phenomenon. People have to come, they do the butt up against this image of themselves. And it's like, what, this isn't how I thought it was going to be. I don't like this feeling, you are a good person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but you don't your feet should tell your face that you're you're more of a
Gwenevere Abriel: Sad or you're feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, baby.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you put your arms around him. Scott and just let her know just let her know
Gwenevere Abriel: So we all act out and we oftentimes do it in the funniest ways, you know, and money's money is the way we do it. We just do how do you think I'm able to talk about this so comfortably right this is human.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, your relationship with it is is different than his relationship with it you attach it somehow to value to you and he just can't quite for late to it's just not quite the same.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's going to happen when we end this session.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you guys gonna do. Can you do something kind to each other with each other. What can you do
Cynthia We: We have all kinds of
Cynthia We: The house.
Cynthia We: Making bedroom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you
Cynthia We: went for a walk around the block.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh. Can you guys do that. Can you hold on Hold space and you literally Cindy, this one. You've seen me do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just push the shame off to the side and only thing you do is, what am I going to do today that's consistent with with what I believe in.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just a different phenomenon. You don't sit there and fuel that that ugly thought about you. You just go well what am I going to do
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna make me some golfing I'm going to make it. You don't go to a bad person detox from the shame and just go to the
Gwenevere Abriel: Next action that represents what you really believe in what you care about, it'll feel good.
Gwenevere Abriel: And frankly, going for a walk together. That's a great investment. Once you go do that, don't let anything get in the way, not a snotty little teenager, not a needy little eight year old just go give to this marriage just it needs some energy
Gwenevere Abriel: Give to each other. Can you do that. That was a great idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you'll be refueled and you go conquer those rooms. You got lots of reorganizing
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me know when you want to meet again. Okay, good. All right. Be good to you. Thank you. You're welcome.